<!-- PROJECT DSCI 551 -->
<div align="center">
  <h1 align="center">DSCI 551: FINAL PROJECT</h1>
  <p align="center">
    This is a README File to get started with SCHunt!
    <br />
    <a href="https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1BG7-jGPaXuaqTjwFpV0G9zAXX4kT56Ua?usp=sharing"><strong>Drive Link »</strong></a>
    <a href="https://youtu.be/lerT5BfSq5Y"><strong>Youtube Link »</strong></a>
  </p>
</div>

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->
## Getting Started

### Setup & Installation

_For windows users, these are the instructions on setting up the project on your system. Follow these simple steps in your cmd prompt in the project directory:_

1. Install Virtual Environment:
   ```cmd
   pip install virtualenv
   ```
3. Create a virtual environment:
   ```cmd
    python3.11 -m venv env
   ```
4. Activate the virtual environment:
   ```cmd
   env\Scripts\activate
   ```
5. Now lets install requirements:
   ```cmd
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```
6. Run app.py
   ```cmd
   python app.py
   ```
7. Click on the link generated by server. It will look something like: "http://127.0.0.1:5000". Or just copy paste in your browser.


### About the Files in the Directory:
1. auth: This directory contains firebase_admin_key.json file which is basically related to admin auth credentials.
2. static: This directory stores static files used in the application, such as images, CSS stylesheets, and JavaScript files.
   2.1.  assets: This subdirectory contain various static assets like images, fonts, & other resources.
   2.2.  css: This subdirectory holds CSS files used for styling the HTML web pages.
   2.3.  js: This subdirectory stores JavaScript files used for client-side scripting.
3. templates: This directory contains HTML templates used to generate dynamic web pages.
   3.1   cover.html: The main landing page or homepage of our application.
   3.2   index.html: This file is the page where job listings and other functionalities are included.
   3.3   dashboard.html: This page displays user dashboard where user can see all the jobs they have applied and in the future this page will be enhanced with more analytical tools and recommendation engines for users to track application journey.
4. app.py: This is the main Python file of the application, where the backend logic and routing are defined using Flask framework.
5. Filter_Query.py: This file seems contain Python code, related to filtering & querying data which will be present in the users index.html page.
6. env: This directory contains environment-specific configurations or sensitive information. It is basically the virtual environment folder created initially where we can install dependencies as per requirements.txt.
7. requirements.txt: This file lists all the Python dependencies required by the application.

<!-- TROUBLESHOOTING -->
## Troubleshooting
- Kindly make sure that you keep the repository struture as it is.
<pre>
- auth
- static
-   -assets
-   -css
-   -js
- templates
-   -index.html
-   -cover.html
-   -dashboard.html
- app.py
- env
- Filter_Query.py
- requirements.txt
- README.md
</pre>



<!-- CONTACT -->
## Contact

Yashika Goyal - yashikag@usc.edu <br>
Deepanshu Jain - jaind@usc.edu <br>
Janak Tarun Thakkar - janakt@usc.edu <br>